UNTIL
SEPTEMBER 2024 TO THE AVERAGE
ZONING BOARD OF APPEALS, I AM
GRANT VICE CHAIRPERSON
OF ZONING BOARD OF APPEALS
RECEIVED IN THE ABSENCE OF THIS
PER YEAR ZONING BOARD
OF APPEALS BY PERSON VOLUNTEER
BOARD DOMINATED BY THE MAYOR,
APPROVED BY CITY COUNCIL REIFY
APPLICATION CENTER TONIGHT
RICHARD WILL PROCEED AS
FOLLOWS.
FIRST WE'LL HEAR FROM FAMILY
SERVICES TYPICALLY IN THE
PERSON OF JOHN PARISH, THE
CITY'S ZONING AUDITOR BY THEN
THE APPLICANT OR ITS
REPRESENTATIVE OR HIS OR HER
REPRESENTATIVE AND MAKE THEIR
PRESENTATION.
THE APPLICANT WILL HAVE FIVE
MINUTES OR 30 SECONDS OR LESS.
THE CITY STAFF WERE REMINDED
THAT THE TIME IS RUNNING OUT.
WE WILL MAKE CONSIDERED PUBLIC
COMMENT FIRST WE'LL ASK IF
THERE'S ANYONE HERE IN PERSON
IN THE HE WOULD LIKE TO COMMENT
AND THEN WE WILL ASK TO SEE IF
ANY REMOTE PARTICIPANTS SPEAK
DURING A PUBLIC HEARING OR
PUBLIC COMMENT REMOTELY PRESS
NOT IF LISTENING BY PHONE OR
USING THE RACE IN THE VIEWING
THROUGH THE WEBSITE FOR PHONE
ACCESS YOUR PHONE NUMBER AND
REPEAT THEM TWICE.
THE PHONE NUMBER IS SEVEN SEVEN
EIGHT FIVE THREE FIVE TO FOUR
SEVEN EIGHT SEVEN SEVEN EIGHT
FIVE THREE FIVE TO FOUR IN THE
BEGINNING NINETY NINE THREE ONE
SIX FOUR ONE ZERO ZERO SEVEN
AND THEN NINE THREE EIGHT ONE
SIX FOUR THREE ONE ZERO ZERO
SEVEN CITY SAMPLE CALLERS THAT
HAVE RAISED THEIR HAND USING
THE LAST THREE DIGITS OF THE
PHONE NUMBER OR BY NAME IF
YOU'RE ACCESSING THROUGH THAT
YOU'LL HEAR AN AUTOMATED VOICE
ALLOWING YOU TO SPEAK WITH ONE
YOU ARE SPEAKING TO TURN ON THE
COMPUTER AND TV DOWN SO WE GET
A CLEAR VOICE FROM YOU THAT'S
NOT MIXED WITH AN ECHO.
THE MEMBERS OF THE ZONING COURT
OF APPEALS MAY ASK QUESTIONS
OF CITY STAFF OR THE APPLICANT
AND LASTLY WILL ACKNOWLEDGE
HAVING WRITTEN COMMENTS
RECEIVED BY THE BOARD
.
THE BOARD WILL DISCUSS THE
APPLICANT AUDIO AND FORMULATE A
MOTION TO APPROVE REAPPLICATION
REVIEW IN ORDER TO PASS AND
ADVOCATE THESE FIVE AFFIRMATIVE
VOTES NOT IN FAVOR
OF AFFIRMATIVE VOTES AND YOU'RE
UNHAPPY IF YOU CAN FINALLY
APPEAL TO THE WASHINGTON COUNTY
CIRCUIT COURT.
WELL THAT SAID, IT LOOKS LIKE
WE HAVE A QUORUM WHEN WE DO A
ROLL CALL HERE IN INDUSTRY
REGIONAL CHAIRPERSON ABSENTS
SO
CANDICE NO, I AM HERE DARMA
ACKMANN HERE, MIKE DANIEL HERE
.
DAVE DIVERSITY ABSENT CHRISTINA
LUSSAC HERE.
JULIE WEATHERBEE HERE.
PATTY LASKOWSKI HERE AND DREW
DANZON HERE.
AND DID YOU WANT TO YEAH.
>> YEAH.
BEFORE WE GO ANY FURTHER
TONIGHT I'D LIKE TO WELCOME OUR
NEWEST ZIBA MEMBER, MR. DREW
DANZON AND HE COMES HIGHLY
RECOMMENDED FROM OUR
CHAIRPERSON CANDICE BRIERRE.
AND SO JUST GO AHEAD AND
INTRODUCE YOURSELVES AFTER THE
MEETING.
THANK YOU, DREW.
THANKS
.
OK, WE HAVE OUR AGENDA.
CAN I HAVE A MOTION TO APPROVE
THE AGENDA?
AND SECOND, MIKE, OK, OR MAYBE
WHOEVER YOU END UP FIRST I'LL
MAKE THE MOTION OK?
>> ALL THOSE IN FAVOR SAY YES.
YES.
ANYBODY AGAINST NO.
WE WILL NOTE THAT THE SECOND
ITEM OF BUSINESS WHICH IS ZIBA
TWO FOUR DASH ZERO ZERO THREE
ZERO FIVE SIXTEEN EAST LIBERTY
STREET I UNDERSTAND THE
APPLICANT HAS REQUESTED THAT WE
POSTPONE THAT.
IS THAT CORRECT?
OKAY.
>> AND THAT WILL BE POSTPONED
TO THE NEXT MONTH ON
OCTOBER TWENTY THIRD IF WE IF
YOU APPROVE THAT TONIGHT.
>> OKAY SO WHY DON'T WE DO NEED
TO SAY TO AUTOMATIC LET'S VOTE
DECIDE IF WE WANT TO POSTPONE
THE SECOND ITEM TONIGHT UNTIL
OCTOBER IS A MOTION FOR THAT
DERMO THANK YOU SECOND OK ALL
IN FAVOR SAY YES YES ANYBODY
ASKED OK IT IS POSTPONED WE
WILL SEE YOU NEXT MONTH SIR.
>> REALLY APPRECIATE IT
EVERYONE WE WILL STILL HAVE A
PUBLIC HEARING ON THAT ONE THAT
COMES CORRECT.
THANK.
ALL RIGHT.
AND NEXT UP IS THE MINUTES FROM
OUR MEETING IN AUGUST.
ARE THERE ANY CORRECTIONS OR
CHANGES TO THE AUGUST MINUTES
ALL RIGHT HERE NONE.
>> CAN I HAVE A MOTION TO
APPROVE THE MINUTES DARMA AGAIN
TO SECOND JULIE GOOD.
ALL THOSE IN FAVOR SAY AY AY.
ANYBODY AGAINST NO.
OK, THE MINUTES ARE APPROVED
AND NOW WE GO TO OUR FIRST ITEM
ZIBA 24 DASH ZERO ZERO TWO NINE
TWO ZERO ONE FIVE WAYS WEST
STADIUM BOULEVARD JOHN OK, MY
NAME IS JOHN BAIRD.
>> I'M THE ZONING COORDINATOR
FOR THE CITY OF ANN ARBOR.
THE FIRST PETITION BEFORE US
THIS EVENING IS ZIBA TWENTY
FOUR DASH ZERO ZERO TWO NINE.
THE ADDRESS IS TWENTY FIFTEEN
WEST STADIUM BOULEVARD.
MR. GEORGE HADDAD, BUSINESS
OWNER ALSO BEING REPRESENTED BY
MR. SCOTT BUNZL THIS EVENING IS
SEEKING A TEN FOOT WALL SIGN
HEIGHT AND VARIANCE FROM TABLE
FIVE POINT TWENTY FOUR DASH
THREE OTHER MIXED USE AND
NONRESIDENTIAL AND SPECIAL
PURPOSE DISTRICT PERMANENT
SIGNS THE MAXIMUM HEIGHT OF THE
WALL SIGN FOR A BUILDING THAT
IS LESS THAN FORTY FIVE FEET IN
HEIGHT IS TWENTY FEET AT FROM
GRADE THE APPLICANT IS
PROPOSING TO INSTALL A SEVENTY
TWO SQUARE FOOT WALL SIGN WITH
AN EIGHTEEN SQUARE FOOT
ELECTRONIC MESSAGE SIGN AT A
HEIGHT OF THIRTY FEET THAT THE
PROPERTY IS ZONED C THREE
FRINGE COMMERCIAL DISTRICT.
THE SUBJECT PROPERTY IS LOCATED
ON THE WEST SIDE STADIUM
BOULEVARD AND IS IN THE
DARTMOOR NEIGHBORHOOD.
THE BUILDING WAS ORIGINALLY
CONSTRUCTED CIRCA NINETEEN
SEVENTY EIGHT AS A ASW BARNES
HARDWARE HARDWARE RETAIL
LOCATION.
THE BUILDING IS NOW OCCUPIED BY
THE BUSINESS PROGRAM TABLE FIVE
POINT TWENTY FOUR DASH THREE
OTHER MIXED USE AND
NONRESIDENTIAL AND SPECIAL
PURPOSES ONLY DISTRICT
PERMANENT SIGNS REQUIRES ALL
SIDES TO BE A MAXIMUM HEIGHT
THE TWENTY FEET IN HEIGHT WHEN
INSTALLED IN THE BUILDING LESS
THAN FORTY FIVE FEET IN TOTAL
HEIGHT THE SUBJECT BUILDING IS
APPROXIMATELY THIRTY ONE FEET
AND OVERALL HEIGHT THE
APPLICANT REQUESTS THE VARIANCE
TO INSTALL THIS WALL SIGN AT A
MAXIMUM HEIGHT OF THIRTY FEET
IN HEIGHT INSTEAD OF THE
REQUIRED TWENTY FEET IF YOU'LL
TURN YOUR ATTENTION TO THE
MONITORS YOU'LL SEE THE FIRST
SLIDE THIS EVENING IS THE
ZONING MAP AND THE SUBJECT
PROPERTY IS HIGHLIGHTED IN BLUE
AT THE CENTER OF THE SCREEN.
THE NEXT SLIDE IS THE LOCATION
MAP SHOWING THE SURROUNDING
PROPERTIES AND EXISTING
CONDITIONS
AND THE NEXT SLIDE
IS THE ZOOMED IN AERIAL PHOTO
OF THE SUBJECT PROPERTY.
THIS WAS A SLIDE THAT WAS
SUBMITTED WITH THE APPLICATION
IS JUST HIGHLIGHTING THE
BUILDING FOOTPRINT.
THIS IS THE SUBJECT SIGN YOU
CAN SEE IT'S APPROXIMATELY
EIGHT BY NINE TOTAL SEVENTY
THREE AND A HALF SQUARE FEET.
>> THE BOTTOM ELECTRONIC
MESSAGE SIGN WILL BE TWENTY
FIVE INCHES TALL BY NINE FEET
WIDE.
THIS IS A SUPER IMPOSED CONCEPT
OF WHAT THE PROPOSED SIGN WILL
LOOK LIKE AND IN ITS HEIGHT AND
RELATIONS UP TO THE REST OF THE
BUILDING.
SURE EVERYONE IS PROBABLY
FAMILIAR WITH THIS PROPERTY AS
WELL.
THESE ARE THE PHOTOS THAT I
TOOK OF THE SUBJECT PROPERTY
YOU CAN SEE WHERE THE
APPROXIMATE LOCATION OF THE
SIGN IS GOING TO BE RIGHT IN
THIS AREA YOU SEE THE OTHER
SIDE OF THE SIGN AND THE
ENTRANCE TO THE BUILDING AND
THEN THIS IS LOOKING DIRECTLY
AT THE BUILDING.
ONE OF MR BUNZL IS ALSO
SUPPLIED SOME ADDITIONAL
MATERIALS IN FRONT OF YOU IF
YOU NEED TO LOOK AT THOSE ARE
DIFFERENT DIFFERENT PHOTOS.
THAT'S THE END OF MY
PRESENTATION.
I CAN TAKE ANY QUESTIONS THAT
YOU MAY HAVE THIS TIME.
>> ERM I DON'T THINK THIS IS
ACTUALLY SUPER RELEVANT TO THE
TOPIC BEFORE BUT I DO HAVE TO
ASK ISN'T THIS TAXI ONE YOU
SAID SEE THREE.
>> THAT'S CORRECT I'VE HEARD
THAT'S OK THAT IS ON T JUST
EXCITED ABOUT C C ONE I GOT IT.
YEAH YOU'RE RIGHT I DON'T THINK
IT MATTERS TO THE SUBJECT AT
HAND IN TERMS OF SCIENCE BUT
THAT'S MY MY MISTAKE.
IT'S A RECENT REZONING AND IT'S
STILL THE SAME SAME ZONING
DISTRICT SAME THE SAME APPLIES
SO NOTHING'S CHANGED OTHER THAN
THE ZONING EVEN OUR COMPUTERS
NEED TO BE EVEN OUR COMPUTERS
NEED TO BE UPDATED WHEN I WAS
LOOKING AT DID NOT SHOW THAT
BUT ANY OTHER QUESTIONS FOR
JOHN?
I HAVE ONE IT'S MAYBE A LITTLE
IRRELEVANT AS WELL.
WHAT WAS THE EARLIER SITE IN
THIS BUILDING WHEN IT WAS AN E
E BARNES' OR WHATEVER THE LAST
BUSINESS WAS?
WAS THERE A SIGN ON THE ROOF?
I WOULD TELL YOU RIGHT NOW THAT
I I'VE BEEN I'VE BEEN BACK HOME
FOR TEN YEARS AND THAT'S BEEN
VACANT SINCE THE WHOLE TIME.
>> I DON'T CARE.
OK, ALL RIGHT.
I JUST THOUGHT MAYBE THE I CAN
ASK THE APPLICANT IF THIS WAS
SORT OF A READY MADE SPOT FIRST
LINE ON THE ROOF BECAUSE IT
LOOKS LIKE IT'S SUPPORTED
UNDERNEATH OR THIS NEW I'LL ASK
THE APPLICANT MIKE.
>> YEAH, JOHN SO THIS THIS KIND
OF RECTANGLE THAT JUTS UP HERE
THAT WAS NEWLY CONSTRUCTED?
NO, NO, NO.
THAT'S BEEN THAT'S BEEN PART
OF THE BUILDING FOR DECADES.
OK, THAT'S WHY I THOUGHT THE
TOP PART AS WELL IS PART OF THE
YEAH.
THIS PART THIS PROTRUSION THAT
COMES OUT OF THE ROOF THAT
PORTION HAS BEEN THERE FOR A
VERY LONG TIME.
OK, SO THEY'RE ADDING A SIGN ON
AN EXISTING STRUCTURE THAT'S
THAT'S CORRECT.
OK.
YEP.
GOT IT.
ALL RIGHT.
WELL THAT GOT ANY OTHER
QUESTIONS?
NO.
>> OK HAVE THE APPLICANT MR
HADDARA ASSUME WERE MR HUDUD
AND COMPANY.
>> GOOD EVENING.
THANK YOU.
MICHAEL JACKSON THE GENTLEMAN
JR FOR UNIVERSAL SIGNS ADDRESS
ONE SIX SEVEN OH SIX TELEGRAPH
IN DETROIT, MICHIGAN.
I ALSO HAVE SCOTT MONZO WHO'S
REPRESENTING THE OWNERS OF THE
BUILDING.
I THINK THE GENUINE HARDSHIP
AND OF COURSE YOU'RE ALL
FAMILIAR WITH THE BUILDING THE
WAY IT ORIENTS TO THE ROAD WHAT
YOU SEE HERE WAS EXISTING
DESIGN WAS ALWAYS IN THAT
GENERAL AREA AND ACTUALLY THE
SIGN PRIOR TO THIS ONE WAS
ABOUT TWENTY FIVE PERCENT
LARGER THAN THIS.
I CAN ADDRESS ANY QUESTIONS YOU
MIGHT HAVE ON THE SIGN AND MR
MANSELL CAN ADDRESS ANYTHING AS
FAR AS OWNERSHIP AND RELATIVE
ISSUES.
WOULD YOU ALSO SIGN YOUR NAME
SIR SIGN MR. MUNDOS.
WELL SURE YEAH I KNOW THE CLOCK
IS RUNNING ALTHOUGH IT MAY NOT
HAVE BEEN TURNED DOWN BUT SO
SCOTLANDS L I'M AN ATTORNEY IN
TOWN HERE THREE OR ONE NORTH
MAIN TO ANSWER A COUPLE
OF QUESTIONS.
IT WAS THERE WAS A SIGN
THERE
WHEN IT WAS DENNIS BARNES
HARDWARE.
I SAW A PHOTOGRAPH OF THAT IN
THE LAST FEW DAYS BUT DID NOT
THINK TO COPY IT TO SHOW YOU
BUT OUR UNDERSTANDING IS THAT
THAT HAS BEEN USED WHENEVER THE
BUILDING HAS BEEN OCCUPIED.
IT HAS HAD A SIGN ON THERE YOU
MAY REMEMBER THERE WAS A BIKE
SHOP IN THERE AFTER ASW AND
THERE MIGHT HAVE BEEN ONE OTHER
TENANT BUT I CAN'T RECALL BUT
THAT HAS ALWAYS BEEN USED FOR
SIGN WHENEVER THERE'S BEEN A
TENANT OCCUPYING THE BUILDING
IT IS AN UNUSUAL SITUATION
BECAUSE THERE IS A STRUCTURE, A
LARGE SLAB OF CONCRETE THAT WAS
CONSTRUCTED WITH THIS BUILDING
BACK WHEN IT WAS ORIGINALLY
DONE.
SO IT'S VERY UNUSUAL THAT MOST
BUILDINGS DON'T HAVE THAT KIND
OF INTEGRAL SIGN OPPORTUNITY IF
YOU WILL.
YOU KNOW, IT'S VERY NARROW AND
IT REALLY HAS ONLY BEEN USED
FOR SIGNS THERE'S NO OTHER
PURPOSE FOR IT SO THAT IT'S A
VERY UNUSUAL AND UNIQUE
CIRCUMSTANCE CREATING THAT
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION IT IF IT
WERE NOT IF THE VARIANCE WERE
NOT GRANTED, THE PRACTICAL
DIFFICULTY WOULD BE IS THAT
THAT WOULD REMAIN VACANT.
THERE WAS A PICTURE OF IT AS
EXISTING WHICH IS FAIRLY
UNATTRACTIVE BUT THE SIGNAGE
THAT COULD BE CONSTRUCTED ON
THAT WOULD BE IT ONLY A COUPLE
LIKE TWO OR THREE FEET ABOVE
THE EXISTING ROOFLINE IN ORDER
TO MEET THE 20 FOOT
REQUIREMENTS OF THE SIGNAGE.
THERE'S REALLY NO WAY TO
EFFECTIVELY USE THAT PARTICULAR
PORTION OF THE BUILDING FOR
SIGNAGE THAT WOULD THAT WOULD
HAVE ANY MEANING FOR PEOPLE
DRIVING BY AND IT'S WELL BACK
FROM THE STREET THERE WOULD BE
REALLY NO ADVERSE IMPACT TO THE
PUBLIC BY GRANTING THE VARIANCE
IT'S ACCORDING TO THE CRITERIA
IN THE SAME PORTION OF THE
ZONING ORDINANCE.
THIS WOULD NOT AFFECT
PEDESTRIAN OR VEHICLE VEHICULAR
SAFETY.
IT WOULD ENHANCE THE ABILITY
OF THE TENANT TO HAVE A VIABLE
BUSINESS THERE WHICH WOULD FALL
UNDER THE ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT
GOAL.
IT REALLY WILL HAVE NO IMPACT
ON THE QUALITY OF LIFE OF THE
ADJOINING PROPERTIES.
THEY'RE ALL TO COMMERCIAL
STRIP.
I DID INCLUDE IN THE PHOTOS
THAT I SUBMITTED SOME PHOTOS
OF STADIUM BOULEVARD ON BOTH
THE EAST AND WEST SIDES RIGHT
IN THAT NEIGHBORHOOD AS YOU
PROBABLY RECALL.
IT'S JUST IT'S ALL IT'S A
RETAIL STRIP FULL OF MANY
BUSINESSES AND SIGNAGE.
>> SO THERE WOULD REALLY BE NO
ADVERSE IMPACT AND IT WOULDN'T
CREATE ANY KIND OF NUISANCE.
SO IT'S REALLY THE AGAIN THE
UNUSUAL CONSTRUCTION OF THE
BUILDING THAT WOULD REQUIRE THE
VARIANCE IN ORDER TO USE THAT
VERY TALL WELL I SHOULD SAY
VERY TALL.
THIRTY ONE FOOT TALL PIECE
OF BUILDING STRUCTURE FOR THE
SIGNAGE JUST ALSO IT WAS NOT
SELF-IMPOSED.
IT'S BEEN THERE FOR YEARS.
THE APPLICANT DID NOT CONSTRUCT
AND WE ALSO THINK THAT THIS
WOULD BE THE MINIMUM VARIANCE
REQUIRED TO MAKE A USEFUL SIGN
.
YOU KNOW, THEY TRIED TO MAKE IT
ESTHETICALLY PLEASING AS FAR AS
THE PLACEMENT OF AND SO THAT'S
THE REASON WHY IT WOULD BE IN
THE LOCATION.
IT IS.
>> BUT WE THINK THAT THAT'S THE
MINIMUM REQUIRED.
SO WE'RE REMAINING EVEN.
>> OK, WELL I WAS JUST GOING TO
SAY THAT'S REALLY ALL THAT I
NEED TO SAY.
>> I'M HAPPY TO ANSWER ANY
QUESTIONS AS IS MIGHT I WILL
HAVE ONE THING I LOOKED ON THE
GOOGLE STREET VIEW IS NOW BE AN
ADVANCED AUTO PARTS AND THAT
WHAT PROBABLY WASN'T THE LAST
TEN YEARS I'M NOT SURE WHAT IT
WAS BUT I WILL ALSO ADD THAT IN
2019 TO SIGN ORDINANCE CHANGED
AND THAT'S WHY IT WAS ALLOWED
PREVIOUS IN THAT LOCATION BUT
NOT NOW BECAUSE WE CHANGED IT
AND SO IT'S THAT'S BEEN BLANCS
FOR THE LAST FIVE YEARS SO YEAH
RIGHT.
IT WOULD HAVE LOST ITS
NONCONFORMING STATUS WHEN IT
WAS NON USE WHEN IT WAS ONE
MORE THAN ONE YEAR.
YEAH.
SO ONCE THE BUILDING BECAME
VACANT FOR A YEAR THEY LOST OR
NON-PERFORMING STATUS BUT THE
SIGN WAS REMOVED ANYWAY SO THIS
IS A NEW SIGN REQUIREMENT SINCE
2019 THIS BUILDING THE WALL
SIGN HYP ANY QUESTIONS OF THE
MAIN QUESTION?
YEAH THIS IS THE BOTTOM LEIDY'S
SIGN BAN IS THAT ROTATING
CONTENT?
NO, IT WOULD TYPICALLY BE WHAT
WE CALL A FIXED MESSAGE SO
WOULD WOULDN'T JUMP IT WOULDN'T
SCROLL IT WOULDN'T ANSWER AND
WE WOULD ABIDE BY WHATEVER THE
REGULATIONS ARE WITH THE CITY
AS FAR AS FREQUENCY AND CHANGE
OF MESSAGE.
BUT AGAIN THEY WOULD IT WOULD
BE A STATIC TYPE MESSAGE OK
WITH THESE ELECTRONIC MESSAGE
SIGNS THAT MESSAGE IS REQUIRED
TO STAY STATIC FOR ONE MINUTE.
OK, OK BUT SOUNDS LIKE THAT'S
JUST IT'S GOING TO BE EVEN MUCH
LONGER THAN WE WANT.
OK, I WAS JUST CURIOUS OK THANK
YOU.
ANY OTHER QUESTIONS.
I HAVE ONE QUESTION SIR.
WHY WOULD YOU NOT PLACE THE
SIGN ON THE SIDE OF THE
BUILDING.
DID YOU CONSIDER THAT AT ALL?
I JUST THINK VISIBILITY WISE
THE JUST DOESN'T LEND ITSELF TO
BE VIEWED BY TRAFFIC ON THE
SIDE OF THE BUILDING.
THIS WAS WHAT WE FELT THE MOST
APPROPRIATE PLACE FOR IT.
IT'S WHERE THE SIGNAGE WAS ON
PREVIOUS BUSINESSES.
WE THINK IT'S ESTHETICALLY
PLEASING AND WHAT WE'RE ASKING
FOR WE DON'T FEEL VIOLATES THE
SPIRIT OF THE ORDINANCE IF YOU
WILL.
>> ANY OTHER QUESTIONS?
OH, I DID HAVE A QUESTION.
WILL IT BE ON BOTH SIDES OF THE
VERTICAL ELEMENT OR JUST SORRY
I DIDN'T CATCH THAT AND IT JUST
LOOKING YEAH.
ON ONE ELEVATION OR WILL IT BE
ON BOTH SIDES OF THAT COMMENT?
I DON'T KNOW THE ANSWER TO THAT
.
I MEAN THE PICTURES THAT WE'VE
SEEN HAVE JUST BEEN ON THE
NORTH WELL THAT WOULD BE THE
SOUTH SIDE.
IT IS TIPPED SLIGHTLY.
THE STRUCTURE IS TIPPED
SLIGHTLY SO IT'S MORE VISIBLE
WHEN YOU'RE HEADING NORTH ON
STADIUM MEANING THE SIGN IS ON
THE SOUTH SIDE.
BUT I'M PRESUMING IT WOULD BE
ON BOTH SIDES THIS OF FRICTION.
SO I'VE ONLY BEEN TOLD IT'S
GOING TO BE ON ONE SIDE BECAUSE
IF IT WAS ON TWO SIDES IT WOULD
BE OVER THE SQUARE FOOT
ALLOTMENT.
OH RIGHT, RIGHT, RIGHT.
I THINK IT'S JUST ON THAT ONE
THAT'S THAT'S THE ONLY
APPLICATION THE BUILDING PERMIT
APPLICATION THAT I RECEIVED WAS
FOR ONE SIDE ONE SIDE.
>> THAT MAKES SENSE BECAUSE
YOU'RE RIGHT THERE'S A MAXTON
SQUARE FOOTAGE THAT YOU GET SO
THAT WOULD BE IT.
SO I GUESS I GUESS YOU GET
WHICH SIDE.
THAT'S RIGHT.
SO B THE S.
S SIDE OF THAT OK, SO YOU'RE
GOING NORTH.
YOU SEE IT IT'S SO I PUT THE
CURSOR ON IT BE RIGHT HERE.
YEAH THAT'S RIGHT.
YES.
THANK YOU.
ANY OTHER QUESTIONS FOR THE
APPLICANT.
NO.
OK THANK YOU MR MR ZACHER.
MR MODI THANK YOU.
ALL RIGHT ANYBODY FROM THE
AUDIENCE WHO WANTS TO SPEAK ON
THIS ARE THERE ANY CALLERS.
THERE ARE NO COLUMNS.
OK ALL RIGHT.
AND DID WE RECEIVE ANY LETTERS
E-MAILS.
YES WE KNEW THERE WAS NO
CORRESPONDENCE.
YEAH NO CORRESPONDENCE.
OK ALL RIGHT WELL WITH THAT
WE'RE IN DISCUSSION
MIKE NOW
I'M GOING TO SUPPORT THIS GIVEN
THE LOCATION OF THIS PROPERTY
ON A VERY COMMERCIAL STREET,
THIS FILLING IN A RANDOM, YOU
KNOW, STRUCTURE THAT'S ALREADY
THERE.
AND IF YOU LOOK BEHIND THERE'S
ALREADY A SIGN IT SEEMS LIKE
IT'S HIGHER THAN THAT SIDE HAS
A VIEW OF THE OTHER BUSINESSES.
SO YEAH, I DON'T I DON'T HAVE A
PROBLEM WITH THIS GIVEN WHERE
THIS PROPERTY IS LOCATED ON
STADIUM RIGHT HERE.
ANY OTHER COVID?
WELL I USUALLY HAVE QUESTIONS
AND COMMENTS BECAUSE I'M
CHEERING I WAITED UNTIL LAST I
REALIZED THIS IS A LOOSE USE
OF GRANDFATHERING THAT IT WOULD
BE ONE THING IF YOU WERE IF THE
APPLICANT WERE GOING TO BUILD A
TALL SLAB OF CONCRETE ON TOP
AND HAD THE SIGN HERE THAT'S
WHERE THE SAGE USED TO BE FROM
THE PREVIOUS BUSINESSES I
REALIZED THAT TECHNICALLY THAT
WAS LOST AND IT'S READY MADE
FOR DESIGN AND IT'S IT'S THE
EASIEST THING TO DO IS PUT THE
SIGN WHERE THE OTHER STUFF WAS.
SO I AGREE WITH YOU MIKE.
I THINK I'LL BE WAITING FOR
THIS.
ANY OTHER COMMENTS DREW TO HIS
NEW PERSON TO YOU, MR YEAH.
THIS IS YOUR FIRST TIME THE
FIRST ONE YOU CAN MAKE A
COMMENT ON YOUR LIKE A LAW
PROFESSOR TODD ALL RIGHT.
I GUESS I GUESS WE NEED EMOTION
AND DAVE IS GONE TODAY.
DID YOU WANT TO STEP IN MY
JULIE OR DADDY?
I KNOW YOU HAVE TO READ THE
MOTION.
YOU HAVE TO PROPOSE SOLUTIONS.
IT'S INTERPRETIVE DANCE DRAMA.
GOOD GREAT, WONDERFUL.
DAVE I READ THE APPLICANT NAME
I CAN'T BELIEVE HAVEN'T PAID
ENOUGH ATTENTION TO EXACTLY HOW
HE DOES IT.
OK, A TWENTY FOUR DASH TWO NINE
TWENTY FIFTEEN WEST STADIUM
BOULEVARD BASED ON THE
FOLLOWING FINDINGS IN
ACCORDANCE WITH THE ESTABLISHED
STANDARDS FOR APPROVAL OF THE
ZONING BOARD OF APPEALS HEREBY
GRANTS A TEN FOOT WALL SIGN
HEIGHT VARIANCE FROM TABLE FIVE
POINT TWO FOUR DASH THREE OTHER
MIXED USE AND NONRESIDENTIAL
AND SPECIAL PURPOSE DISTRICT
PERMANENT SIGNS.
THE VARIANCE ALLOWS A SEVENTY
TWO SQUARE FOOT SIGN TO BE
INSTALLED AT THE HEIGHT
OF THIRTY FEET FROM GRADE THE
SIGN IS TO BE INSTALLED PER THE
SUBMITTED PLANS.
ALL RIGHT MOTION ARE SECOND
HEADINGS LIKE ALL RIGHT READY
FOR VOTING.
ALL RIGHT DARMA.
YES,
YES KRISTINA YES.
JULIE
YES.
PATTY YES.
DREW YES.
>> AND I ALSO VOTED YES SO IT
IS PASSABLE.
THANK YOU, JOE.
THANK YOU.
THANKS GREAT.
>> SO THE SECOND MATTER HAS
BEEN POSTPONED FOR A MONTH BUT
BECAUSE IT WAS NOTICED FOR A
PUBLIC HEARING WE WILL INQUIRE
FIRST IS THERE ANYBODY IN THE
AUDIENCE HERE WHO WISH TO SPEAK
ON FIVE SIXTEEN EAST LIBERTY
STREET AND THE ONLY CALLERS
THERE ARE NO CALLERS OK WITH
THAT A PUBLIC HEARING IS IS
CLOSED.
WE'LL HAVE ANOTHER ONE NEXT
MONTH WHEN IT COMES BEFORE THE
ZONING BOARD APPEALS AGAIN ON
TO OUR THIRD ITEM TONIGHT ZIBA
24 DASH ONE ZERO ZERO THREE ONE
TWO THREE IN NORTH ST. ST. JOHN
ISSUE AND TINA SCHENN PROPERTY
OWNER IS REQUESTING RELEASE
FROM SECTION FIVE POINT THIRTY
TWO POINT TO ALTERATION TO A
NON CONFORMING STRUCTURE TO ADD
HABITABLE SPACE IN THE BASEMENT
AND A ONE HUNDRED AND EIGHTY
SQUARE FOOT SECOND STORY
ADDITION TO THE REAR OF THE
RESIDENCE.
THE EXISTING STRUCTURE HAS FOUR
UNITS AND THE OWNER WILL REDUCE
THE UNIT COUNT TO THREE.
THE FIRST AND SECOND FLOOR
UNITS WILL EACH CONTAIN SIX
BEDROOMS AND THE NEW BASEMENT
WILL HAVE A FOUR BEDROOM UNIT.
THE PROPERTY IS NOT CONFORMING
FOR LOTERIA A LOT WITH THE
NORTH STATE SIDE OF THE STREET
AND THE SIDE AND REAR SETBACKS
THE PROPERTY IS ZONED R FOR C
MULTIPLE FAMILY DWELLING
DISTRICT AND IS IN THE AND
STREET HISTORIC DISTRICT.
THE SUBJECT PROPERTY IS LOCATED
ON THE WEST SIDE OF NORTH STATE
STREET SOUTH OF CATHERINE
STREET AND NORTH OF EAST AND
STREET.
THE PROPERTY IS AT CORNER LOT
WITH DRIVEWAY ACCESS FROM EAST
AND STREET.
ACCORDING TO THE CITY
ASSESSOR'S RECORDS THE HOME WAS
BUILT IN 1910 AND IS
APPROXIMATELY TWO THOUSAND ONE
HUNDRED FIFTY TWO SQUARE FEET
IN SIZE.
THE LOFT AREA IS FIVE THOUSAND
FIFTY TWO SQUARE FEET.
THE EXISTING MULTIPLE FAMILY
RESIDENCE HAS TWO EFFICIENCY
UNITS AND TWO ONE BEDROOM UNITS
.
THE HOME IS A TWO STORY HOME
WITH ONE AND A HALF STOREY
SECTION WITH A ME WITH A ONE
AND A HALF STOREY SECTION AND
THEN A ONE STOREY SECTION
BEHIND THAT THE APPROVED
ALTERATION WILL ALLOW FOR
HABITABLE SPACE IN THE BASEMENT
AND THE NEW ADDITION TO THE ONE
STOREY SECTION AT THE BACK
OF THE HOME THE PROPERTY
RECEIVED APPROVAL FOR THE
REQUIRED MODIFICATIONS FROM THE
HISTORIC DISTRICT COMMISSION ON
JULY 11TH.
TWENTY TWENTY FOUR IF YOU'LL
TURN YOUR ATTENTION TO THE
MONITORS YOU'LL SEE THE FIRST
MAP SHOWS THE SUBJECT PROPERTY
HIGHLIGHTED AND BLUE AT THE
MIDDLE OF YOUR SCREEN AND YOU
SEE IT'S AT THE CORNER OF ST.
AND E AND STREET JUST SOUTH
OF CATHERINE.
THE NEXT SLIDE IS THE LOCATION
MAP SHOWING PRE EXISTING
CONDITIONS AND SURROUNDING
PROPERTIES AND THE NEXT
SELECTION SLIDE IS THE ZOOMED
IN AERIAL PHOTO OF THE SUBJECT
PROPERTY.
THE NEXT SLIDE IS THE SURVEY
THAT WAS SUBMITTED WITH THE
APPLICATION FOR THE PROPERTY
AND THIS PROPERTY IS ON YOUR
RIGHT AS YOU SEE IT'S LABELED
TWO OR THREE NORTH ST. THE NEXT
SLIDE SHOWS THE EXISTING EAST
ELEVATION FACING NORTH STATE
STREET AND THE NEXT IS THE
SOUTH ELEVATION AND THAT IS
SHOWING THE NEW ELEVATION THE
BOTTOM AND YOU SEE WHERE THE
PROPOSED ADDITIONS BACK HERE
HIGHLIGHT CERTAINLY IS GOING TO
BE AND THE THAT'S THE EXISTING
ELEVATION.
SO YOU SEE THIS BACK PROPOSED
ONE HUNDRED EIGHTY SQUARE FOOT
ADDITION BETWEEN TWO THE WEST
ELEVATION THAT'S BEING PROPOSED
NEW AND THE WEST ELEVATION
EXISTING NEW AND EXISTING AND
THEN THIS IS THE NORTH
ELEVATION AND AN EXISTING THESE
ARE THE PHOTOS THAT I TOOK AT
THE INSPECTION OF THE PROPERTY.
YOU SEE THE FRONT FACADE AND
YOU SEE THE BACK AND AS YOU SEE
IT'S GOT THE ONE AND A HALF
STORY BEHIND IT ADDITION AND
THEN THE ONE STOREY EDITION AND
THE OWNERS WANTING TO PUT THIS
ADDITION RIGHT BACK HERE AND
THEN ALSO CONVERT THE BASEMENT
TO THE HABITABLE SPACE WITH
FOUR BEDROOMS IN THE BASEMENT
AND IT'S JUST SHOWING THE
RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN THE TWO
PROPERTIES.
THE NEXT ONE IS TWO OR SEVEN
NORTH STATE AND THAT'S THE NEXT
PARTITION BEFORE US THIS
EVENING.
THAT'S THE END OF MY
PRESENTATION.
I'LL TAKE ANY QUESTIONS THAT
YOU MAY HAVE AT THIS TIME.
ANY QUESTIONS FOR JOHN?
RIGHT.
SEEING NONE IS NO TIME FOR THE
APPLICANT'S PRESENTATION
VISION.
YES, I COULD PLEASE SIGN IN.
AND HOW DO YOU PRONOUNCE YOUR
FIRST NAME AGAIN?
IESHA OK THANK YOU.
>> YEAH SO MY NAME'S
ESTHETICIAN AND MY ADDRESS IS
FORTY FIFTY ONE BREAKWATER TRY
DRIVING I'LL COME MISHKA SO
LIKE PRESENT YEAH WE ARE GOING
TO PROPOSE TO ADD A SECOND A
SMALL ADDITION TO THE BACK
OF THE HOUSE AND SINCE WE
ALREADY WENT THROUGH THE HTC
MEETING THEN AND WE ARE GOING
TO REMOVE THE ARTIFICIAL SIDING
ALL OVER THE HOUSE SO MAKE A
PRETTY AND THE CURRENT REALLY
HAVE A VERTICAL STRIPE ALL
AROUND THE WINDOW WE WILL
REMOVE THAT REPLACE WITH THE
WOODEN SHUTTER SO EVERYTHING
WILL BE LOOKS VERY BRING THE
ACCORDING TO THEM BRING THIS
BUILDING BACK TO LIFE.
YEAH.
SO YEAH THAT'S WHY WE ARE
TRYING TO TO RESTORE IT AND ADD
A SMALL ADDITION TO MAKE THE
BASEMENT HABITABLE.
>> YEAH.
QUESTIONS MINSHEW IN THE
BASEMENT I'M ASSUMING THAT THE
BASEMENT WILL HAVE EGRESS
WINDOWS BUSINESS OF COURSE
BAYCOL YES.
ANY OTHER QUESTIONS.
ALL RIGHT GOOD THANK YOU.
OK CAN ANYBODY ELSE IN THE
AUDIENCE YOU'RE MR SPEAKER AT
NO RIGHT.
ARE THERE ANY CALLERS?
>> THERE ARE NO CALLERS AND I
DON'T THINK WE RECEIVED ANY
LETTERS ANY COMMUNICATIONS ON
THIS.
SO NOW WE ARE IN DISCUSSION FOR
MY PART I THINK THIS IS ADDING
BEDROOMS IN A PLACE THAT REALLY
NEEDS BEDROOMS AND THE HDC
APPROVES IT WHICH IS FAR MORE
STRINGENT BOARD THAN WE
PROBABLY WILL.
IT'S GOING TO BE UP TO
CODE IN A BUILDING THAT
PROBABLY IS NOT CURRENTLY UP TO
CODE .
SO I'M GOING TO IT.
YEAH.
AND BY THE WAY, WE ARE GOING TO
REDO THE FIRE ESCAPE.
IT'S NOT A MISTAKE RIGHT NOW IN
THE MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT.
YEAH.
IT'S CHRISTINE.
YEAH I SHOULD HAVE ASKED THIS
OF JOHN WHAT IS I APOLOGIZE
FAMOUSNESS IN YOUR PRESENTATION
WHAT IS THE NONCONFORMING
ASPECT.
SO IT WAS NOT PERFORMING FOR A
LOT AREA LOT WITH AND SUBTITLES
PRETTY MUCH ALL THE WAY AROUND.
OK, THIS DOESN'T SO OUR POLICY
REQUIREMENT REQUIRES EIGHTY
FIVE HUNDRED SQUARE FEET AND SO
THIS ONLY HAS FIVE THOUSAND
EIGHTY TWO SQUARE FEET WAY AND
SO OVER OK NEARLY THIRTY
THOUSAND SQUARE FEET AND
DOESN'T HAVE THE LOT WIDTH
OF SIXTY FEET AND THEN DOESN'T
MEAN THAT THAT'S OK.
THANK YOU BUT IT STILL REQUIRES
THAT ALTERATION.
YEAH COME TEMPORARILY UNTIL WE
IF THE TEXT IS APPROVED THAT
WE'RE PUSHING FORWARD.
YES THAT'S OK I SAY THAT WE'RE
IN CLOSED SESSIONS AND WE CAN'T
TAKE ANY MORE TESTIMONY.
ANYONE ELSE WHO I WOULD JULIE
YOU TOOK THE WORDS OUT OF MY
MOUTH FROM THE PASSERBY
HISTORIC DISTRICT WHERE OUR OUR
STANDARD IS MUCH EASIER AND IT
IS NICE IN THIS NEIGHBORHOOD
SEEING HOUSES BEING REDONE AND
BROUGHT UP TO CODE SAFETY
FEATURES ADDED IT'S NICE AND
YOU SAY SAID YOU IN AN AREA
THAT NEEDS NEEDS MORE HOUSING
SO I'LL BE VOTING FOR THIS.
I'M WITH SOMEBODY LIKE TO READ
A MOTION PROPOSED MOTION DRAMA
I GUESS YOU'RE PRESSURES ON
WILL BE DEVOTEE DAVE IT'S NOW
INTRODUCED TO MARTY HAVE DONE
KVIA TWENTY FOUR DASH ZERO ZERO
THREE ONE TWO OR THREE NORTH
STAR STATE STREET ALTERATION TO
A NON CONFORMING STRUCTURE.
THE ZONING BOARD APPEALS HEREBY
GRANTS RELIEF FROM SECTION FIVE
POINT THREE TO POINT TO
ALTERATION TO A NON CONFORMING
STRUCTURE TO ALLOW HABITABLE
SPACE IN THE BASEMENT AND A ONE
HUNDRED AND EIGHTY SQUARE FOOT
SECOND STOREY ADDITION TO THE
REAR OF THE RESIDENCE.
THE EXISTING STRUCTURE HAS FOUR
UNITS AND THE OWNER WILL REDUCE
THE UNIT COUNT TO THREE.
THE FIRST AND SECOND FLOOR
UNITS WILL EACH CONTAIN SIX
BEDROOMS AND THE NEW BASEMENT
WILL HAVE A FOUR BEDROOM UNIT
THE BASEMENT ALTERATION IN THE
SECOND STORY ADDITION IS TO BE
BUILT PER THE SUBMITTED PLANS A
A SUPPORT JOINT AND READY FOR
THE MIKE.
YES JULIE YES I ALSO VOTE YES
DREW.
>> YES PATTY YES.
CHRISTINA YES AND DERMO YES.
ALL RIGHT.
IT PASSES SEVEN TO ZERO GREAT.
OK, WE ARE NOW ON TO THE NEXT
ITEM WHICH IS TWO 07 IN NORTH
STATE STREET AND JOHN.
>> ALL RIGHT, NEXT POLITICIAN
BEFORE US IS ZIBA TWENTY FOUR
TWO ZERO ZERO THREE TWO AND THE
ADDRESS IS TWO OF SEVEN NORTH
STATE STREET YASHWANT CHEYENNE,
PROPERTY OWNER IS REQUESTING
RELIEF FROM SECTION FIVE POINT
THIRTY TWO POINT TWO ALTERATION
TO A NON CONFORMING STRUCTURE
TO ADD HAPLOTYPES IN THE
BASEMENT AND TO NEW DORMERS TO
THE ATTIC.
THE EXISTING STRUCTURE HAS FOUR
UNITS AND THE UNIT TOTAL WILL
REMAIN THE SAME.
ALL FOUR UNITS WILL CONTAIN SIX
BEDROOMS.
THE PROPERTY IS NOT CONFORMING
FALLOT AREA AND THE SOUTH SIDE
SET BACK.
THE PROPERTY IS ZONED OUR FOR
MULTIPLE FAMILY DWELLING
DISTRICT AND IS IN THE OLD
FOURTH WARD STATE FOR EXCUSE ME
OLD FOR WARD STREET HISTORIC
DISTRICT.
THE SUBJECT PROPERTY IS LOCATED
ON THE WEST SIDE OF NORTH STATE
STREET SOUTH OF CATHERINE
STREET AND NORTH OF EAST AND
STREET, ACCORDING THIS IS THE
CITY ASSESSOR'S RECORDS THE
HOME WAS BUILT IN NINETEEN
TWENTY AND IS APPROXIMATELY
THREE THOUSAND TWO HUNDRED AND
EIGHTY SQUARE FEET IN SIZE.
A LOT AREA IS EIGHT THOUSAND
TWO HUNDRED AND THIRTY FOUR
SQUARE.
THE EXISTING MULTIPLE FAMILY
RESIDENCE HAS TWO ONE BEDROOM
UNITS AND TWO TWO BEDROOM
UNITS.
THE HOUSE IS A TWO AND A HALF
STOREY HOME WITH A GABLE ROOF.
THE APPROVED ALTERATION WILL
ALLOW FOR MORE HABITABLE SPACE
IN THE ATTIC AND IN THE
BASEMENT.
THE PROPERTY RECEIVED APPROVAL
FOR THE REQUIRED MODIFICATIONS
FROM THE HISTORIC DISTRICT
COMMISSION ON JULY 11TH.
TWENTY TWENTY FOUR CHILDREN
ATTENTION TO THE MONITORS.
YOU'LL SEE THE FIRST SCREEN THE
SUBJECT PROPERTY IS HIGHLIGHTED
IN BLUE IN THE CENTER OF YOUR
SCREEN THE NEXT SLIDE IS THE
LOCATION MAP SHOWING
SURROUNDING PROPERTIES AND
EXISTING CONDITIONS AND THE
NEXT SLIDE IS THE ZOOMED IN
AERIAL PHOTO OF THE SUBJECT
PROPERTY.
THE NEXT SLIDE SHOWS THE SURVEY
THAT WAS SUBMITTED WITH THE
APPLICATION AND IT'S DIRECTLY
TO THE NORTH OR THE LEFT ON
THIS SCREEN TO SEVEN TO THE
ADJACENT PROPERTY THAT WE JUST
HEARD.
THE NEXT SLIDE SHOWS THE
EXISTING EAST ELEVATION AS IT
LOOKS TOWARDS STATE STREET AND
THE NEXT SLIDE IS THE NEW EAST
ELEVATION.
THE NEXT SLIDE SHOWS THE
EXISTING SOUTH ELEVATION.
IT'S THE ADJACENT TO TWO OR
THREE AND THE NEXT SLIDE SHOWS
THE NEW SOUTH ELEVATION BEING
PROPOSED.
NEXT SLIDE SHOWS THE REAR
ELEVATION OF THE PROPERTY WHICH
IS THE WEST AND THE NEW WEST
ELEVATION AND YOU SEE THEY'RE
PUTTING THE FIRE ESCAPES IN THE
BACK OF THE HOUSE AS OPPOSED TO
BEING VISIBLE FROM STATE
STREET.
NOW AND YOU SEE THE GABLES THAT
ARE BEING URGED TO EXCUSE ME
THE TWO NEW DORMERS THAT ARE
BEING PROPOSED OR ASKED FOR FOR
TO THE EXISTING ADIC.
THIS IS THE NORTH ELEVATION.
THIS IS THE NEW ELEVATION.
YOU SEE THEY DO HAVE THE ON
THIS ELEVATION THEY'RE SHOWING
EGRESS WINDOW WELLS AND THAT'S
THE EXISTING ELEVATION NEW AND
EXISTING.
THESE ARE THE PHOTOS I TOOK MY
INSPECTION AND YOU SEE THEM
KIND OF STANDING IN STATE
STREET AND LOOKING DIRECTLY AT
THE HOME AND THIS IS LOOKING
DOWN THE DRIVEWAY ON THE NORTH
SIDE OF THE PROPERTY.
THIS IS THE BACK PARKING LOT
OF THE SUBJECT PROPERTY AND
THIS IS LOOKING AT THE REAR
LOOKING RIGHT NEXT DOOR TO THE
OF THE SUBJECT PROPERTY AND
SOUTH IS THE PREVIOUS PARTITION
LOOKING RIGHT NEXT DOOR TO THE
SHOWING THE RELATIONSHIP
SOUTH IS THE PREVIOUS PARTITION
BETWEEN THE TWO PROPERTIES IN
SHOWING THE RELATIONSHIP
THE PARKING LOT AND THAT IS THE
BETWEEN THE TWO PROPERTIES IN
CONCLUSION OF MY PRESENTATION.
THE PARKING LOT AND THAT IS THE
I CAN TAKE ANY QUESTIONS THAT
CONCLUSION OF MY PRESENTATION.
YOU HAVE AT THIS TIME QUESTIONS
I CAN TAKE ANY QUESTIONS THAT
I DON'T SEE ANY MISSION
.
>> SO HELLO MY NAME IS E
SHENZEN AND YEAH SO MY ADDRESS
IS FORTY FIFTY ONE BRIGHTWATER
DRIVING OKEMOS MICHIGAN.
SO THIS IS FOUR TO SEVEN NO
STAY YEAH WE WE BASICALLY THIS
IN LIKE TWO OR THREE AND WE
WILL BRING EVERYTHING TO
CODE AND WE WILL HAVE WINDOWS
AND THE LIKE HTC TELL ME THAT
I'VE TOLD ME THAT THE STAIRS
LIKE A FIRE HAZARD SO WE WILL
REMOVE THAT AND MAKE THE FRONT
LOOK BETTER AND IN THE BACK
OF THE STAIRS IS THE SAME IT'S
NOT VERY COLD RIGHT NOW AND NOT
VERY SAFE SO WE WILL BE
PREPARING TO MAKE IT LOOK NICER
AND WE LIKE TO SWAP SOME
HISTORICAL WINDOW TO REPLACE
SOME NEW ONE.
YEAH SOMETHING TO RESTORE IT.
ARE THERE ANY QUESTIONS FOR MR
.
ALL RIGHT OK THANK YOU.
THANK YOU AGAIN.
ARE THERE ANY ANYBODY IN THE
AUDIENCE.
NO NO RIGHT.
ANY CALLERS.
THERE ARE NO ALL RIGHT I GUESS
WE ARE IN DISCUSSION THIS IS
SORT OF DEJA VU ALL OVER AGAIN
IS THAT YOGI BERRA EXPRESSION
IS FOR THOSE REASONS I VOTED
FOR THE LAST THE LAST ONE I
WILL BE VOTING FOR THIS ONE.
IT'S PAST THE HISTORIC
COMMISSION IN OUR STANDARD IS
PREZI ANY OTHER COMMENTS DREW?
OH DEAR.
I GUESS DERMAN I'LL JUST ADD
AND IN THE FUTURE MAYBE WE
WON'T BE SEEING THESE ANYMORE
ONCE THE AUDIENCE CHANGES
HOPEFULLY COME BACK FROM
PLANNING COMMISSION.
DO YOU WANT TO DO A MOTION
BEFORE YOU ALSO MARETTI YOU
CAN'T WE CAN WE CAN SPREAD IT
AROUND.
I'M GOOD.
I'M GOING TO FLOTO CBA TWENTY
FOUR DASH ZERO ZERO THREE TWO
TWO SEVEN NORTH STATE STREET
ALTERATION TO A NONCONFORMING
STRUCTURE.
THE ZONING BOARD OF APPEALS
HEREBY GRANTS RELIEF FROM
SECTION FIVE POINT THREE TO
POINT TO ALTERATION TO A NON
CONFORMING STRUCTURE TO ALLOW
HABITABLE SPACE IN THE BASEMENT
AND TWO NEW DORMERS TO THE
ATTIC.
THE EXISTING STRUCTURE HAS FOUR
UNITS AND A UNIT TOTAL WILL
REMAIN THE SAME.
ALL FOUR UNITS WILL CONTAIN SIX
BEDROOMS.
THE BASEMENT ALTERATION AND THE
NEW DORMERS ARE TO BE BUILT FOR
THE SUBMITTED PLANS.
IS THERE SUPPORT JULIE?
ALL RIGHT.
READY WROTE I'M DREW YES,
PETIE.
>> YES KRISTINA YES.
MIKE YES.
JULIE YES DERMO YES.
AND I ALSO VOTE YES SO IT
PASSES.
THANK YOU AGAIN MAN.
THE YOU KNOW ON TO OUR LAST
APPLICATION SHOW ZIBA 24 DASCH
ZERO ZERO THREE THREE SEVEN TEN
SPRING STREET JOHN TIM RAYBURN
REPRESENTING THE PROPERTY OWNER
IS SEEKING A TWENTY TWO SQUARE
FOOT VARIANCE FROM SECTION FIVE
POINT SIXTEEN POINT SIX
SUBSECTIONS A SUBSECTION TWO D
ACCESSORY USERS AND STRUCTURES.
THE VARIANCE WILL ALLOW
CONSTRUCTION OF A SINGLE CAR
GARAGE THAT EXCEEDS THE MAXIMUM
ALLOWED BUILDING COVERAGE IN
THE REAR OPEN SPACE.
THE MAXIMUM ALLOWED IN PERVIOUS
AREA IS TWO HUNDRED AND SIXTEEN
SQUARE FEET AND THE APPLICANTS
ARE SEEKING TO HAVE TWO HUNDRED
AND THIRTY EIGHT SQUARE FEET
OF IMPERVIOUS AREA IN THE REAR
OPEN SPACE THE GARAGE IS A
TWENTY BY FOURTEEN TWO HUNDRED
AND EIGHTY SQUARE FOOT GARAGE
THAT WILL BE THREE FEET FROM
THE REAR LINE.
THE PROPERTY ZONED ARE TO A TWO
FAMILY DWELLING DISTRICT.
THE SUBJECT PROPERTY IS LOCATED
ON THE EAST SIDE OF SPRING
STREET NORTH OF HISCOCK AND
WEST SOME OF THE STREETS AND
THE WATER HILL NEIGHBORHOOD THE
RESIDENCE WAS BUILT IN NINETEEN
THIRTY FOUR IN THE LOT IS
APPROXIMATELY TWO THOUSAND
EIGHT HUNDRED SEVENTY FOUR
SQUARE FEET AND AREA THERE IS
AN EXISTING TWO CAR SHARED
GARAGE WITH THE NEIGHBOR TO THE
NORTH AT 714 SPRINGS STREET.
EACH PROPERTY HAS A GARAGE
SPACE AND THE STRUCTURE
STRADDLES THE PROPERTY LINE.
A BUILDING PERMIT APPLICATION
BUILDER TWENTY FOUR TO 10 20
WAS APPLIED FOR ON MAY 3RD
TWENTY TWENTY FOUR TO DEMOLISH
THE EXISTING GARAGE AND BUILD A
NEW ONE CAR GARAGE FOR EACH
OF THE PROPERTIES.
THE SUBJECT PROPERTY HAS LESS
LOT AREA THAN THE ADJACENT
PROPERTY 714 SPRING STREET AND
A SMALLER REAR BACK AREA.
THE PROPOSED GARAGE IS REQUIRED
TO BE BUILT FIVE FEET FROM THE
REAR LINE WHILE THE GARAGE AT
THE NEIGHBORING PROPERTY WILL
BE THREE FEET FROM THE REAR
LINE.
IF THE VARIANCE IS GRANTED, THE
GARAGE IS TO BE LOCATED THREE
FEET FROM THE REAR LINE AND
WILL HAVE AN ADDITIONAL TWENTY
TWO SQUARE FEET OF GARAGE AREA
IN THE REAR SET.
IF YOU'LL TURN YOUR ATTENTION
TO THE MONITORS YOU'LL SEE THE
SUBJECT PROPERTY IS HIGHLIGHTED
IN BLUE AT THE CENTER OF YOUR
SCREEN AND THE NEXT SLIDE SHOWS
THE LOCATION MAP WITH
SURROUNDING PROPERTIES AND
EXISTING CONDITIONS AND THE
NEXT SLIDE SHOWS THE ZOOMED IN
AERIAL PHOTO OF THE SUBJECT
PROPERTY AND YOU CAN SEE HOW
THERE'S A SHARED GARAGE AND HOW
THE PROPERTY LINE ON THIS
AERIAL PHOTO SPLITS SPLITS THE
GARAGE IN HALF AND THIS IS THE
SUBJECT OF THE SURVEY THAT WAS
SUBMITTED WITH THE APPLICATION
AND YOU CAN SEE WHAT I WAS
TALKING ABOUT IN THE STAFF
REPORT.
THE ADJACENT PROPERTY IS THIRTY
SIX FEET AND WIDTH AND THIS ONE
IS THE 710 IS THIRTY POINT
EIGHT THREE FEET AND WITH WHICH
MEANS THAT THEY HAVE LESS AREA
BACK HERE IN WHICH TO PUT IN
IMPERVIOUS STRUCTURE THIS ONE
CAR GARAGE DUE TO THE FACT THAT
WHEN YOU MULTIPLY THIRTY TIMES
THE TWENTY IT ALLOWS FOR SIX
HUNDRED SQUARE FEET AND THAT
WOULD BE A GREATER NUMBER.
SO THE ONE TO THE NORTH CAN
ALLOW IT TO BE THREE FEET
WHEREAS THIS ONE WOULD HAVE TO
BE SHIFTED FORWARD AND BE FIVE
FEET AND HAVE LESS GARAGE IN
THAT REAR SETBACK AND I HOPE
THAT MAKES SENSE.
THESE ARE THE SITE
PLANS THAT
WERE SUBMITTED WITH THE
BUILDING PERMIT APPLICATION AND
YOU CAN SEE WHAT THEY'RE
PROPOSING A SINGLE CAR DETACHED
GARAGE AND KIND OF ON THESE
SITE PLANS SHOWING WHAT THE
DISTANCE TO THE REAR SETBACK
BACK LINE.
THESE ARE THE ELEVATION
DRAWINGS OF THE PROPOSED GARAGE
AND THESE ARE THE PHOTOS I TOOK
OUT MY INSPECTION.
YOU SEE THE FRONT OF THE HOUSE
AND YOU SEE THE GARAGE DOWN THE
DRIVEWAY AND LOOKING DIRECTLY
DOWN THE DRIVEWAY AND THIS IS
THE GARAGE THAT'S TO BE
DEMOLISHED.
THE PROPERTY LINE PRETTY MUCH
BISECTS THE GARAGE BETWEEN THE
TWO GARAGE DOORS.
>> YOU SEE THE DIFFERENT PAINT
SCHEME AND THIS IS A PHOTO
OF THEIR REAR YARD AREA AND THE
GARAGE THE THE LEFT THIS IS
LOOKING DIRECTLY AT THE BACK
OF THE HOUSE.
IT'S KIND OF TURNING AROUND.
THIS IS THE BACK OF THE HOUSE
OF THE NEXT DOOR PROPERTY AND
THIS IS VERY, VERY SMALL AREA
WHICH TO TAKE THESE PHOTOS.
BUT THIS IS THE SUBJECT GARAGE
AND HOW IT EXISTS NOW AND IT'S
TO BE DEMOLISHED.
>> THAT'S THE END OF MY
PRESENTATION.
I'LL TAKE ANY QUESTIONS THAT
YOU HAVE AT THIS TIME.
>> THE QUESTIONS FOR JOHN SO I
HAVE ONE I UNDERSTAND THAT IS
ESSENTIALLY A REQUEST IS THAT
BOTH GARAGES WILL BE THREE FEET
FROM THE REAR LOT LINE.
>> CORRECT.
SO IF ONE OF THE GARAGES WAS
THREE FEET AND THE OTHER ONE IS
FIVE FEET, THEY WOULD NOT NEED
TO APPLY FOR VARIANCE.
IS THAT CORRECT?
IS THE VARIANCE PREDICATED ON
THEM WANTING TO BE TWO FEET
CLOSER TO THE REAR PLOTLINE?
YES, WELL THEY'RE THE GARAGE
PER ZONING CAN BE THREE FEET.
THAT'S A THAT'S A SETBACK.
THAT'S THE MINIMUM.
BUT WHAT IT IS IS WHEN YOU PUT
IT THREE FEET ON THIS GARAGE
THERE'S TOO MUCH AREA SO THAT
THE AREA THAT'S ALLOWED TO HAVE
IMPERVIOUSNESS TWO HUNDRED AND
FIFTEEN SQUARE FEET AND ARE 216
SQUARE FEET EXCUSE ME AND
THEY'RE ASKING TO HAVE 238 BACK
THERE.
UNDERSTOOD.
BUT THE REASON THEY'RE HERE IS
IF THEY WERE TO KEEP THE GARAGE
FIVE FEET AWAY FROM THE REAR
OUTLINE THEY WOULD NOT NEED A
VERY YES THAT'S CORRECT.
OK ALL RIGHT.
BUT THERE THEY'RE WANTING TO
KEEP IT WELL AT THE OUTCOMES.
YEAH, OK.
BECAUSE JUST WANT TO DERMOT
SORRY NONWORK CONDUCED SO ARE
THERE TWO WAYS IN WHICH THEY'RE
SEEKING A VARIANCE OF VARIABLES
FROM THE ALLOWED IN PERVIOUS
AREA AND AN ALLOWANCE FROM THE
SET BACK?
NO, JUST THE SO WHY WOULD IT BE
OK IF IT WAS SET BACK FIVE FEET
BECAUSE IT WOULD BE SMALLER
THAT WOULD BE LESS IMPERVIOUS
SURFACE IN THAT THAT TWENTY
FEET BECAUSE THEY COULD INSTEAD
OF BEING THREE FEET FROM THE
REAR LANCE FIVE FEET SO THERE'S
THE GARAGE SHIFTED FORWARD MORE
OUTSIDE OF THE BACK TWENTY FEET
OK AND WHAT PURPOSE DOES THE
CURRENT ZONING SPECIFICATIONS
ARE YOU MEAN.
>> YEAH WHY DOES IT EXIST.
YEAH IT'S IN MY BEST ANALYSIS
IT WOULD BE TO HAVE LESS MACING
TO ABUTTIN PROPERTIES AND ALSO
FOR POSSIBLY STORMWATER REASONS
AND HAVING LESS IMPERVIOUS TO
ABUTTING PROPERTIES.
OK THANKS.
ANY OTHER QUESTIONS?
>> ALL RIGHT.
I GUESS WE'RE READY FOR THE
APPLICANT MR RAEBURN, YOU'VE
BEEN WAITING PATIENTLY TO SIGN
IN AND DO A GOOD JOB.
TIM BRAEBURN I GOT MY ADDRESS
18 FIVE ONE GRASS LAKE ROAD IN
MANCHESTER, MICHIGAN.
I THINK JOHN PUT IT BASICALLY
WHAT WE'RE TRYING TO GET TO
HERE BOTH OF THESE GARAGES CAN
SIT AT THE SAME DEPTH BACK ON
THE LOT SO THAT WHEN THEY COULD
PULL IN IT'S A VERY TIGHT SPOT
TO GET IN BACK THERE.
SO EQUAL HAVE EQUAL WEIGHT TO
GET THE CARS IN AND OUT OF THE
GARAGES.
THAT'S PART OF IT.
AND AS YOU CAN TELL FROM THE
EXISTING GARAGE, WE'RE GOING TO
MAKE A HUGE IMPROVEMENT TO THIS
SITE
.
>> THE PETIT WAS
WHAT WOULD BE
THE CLEARANCE FOR PULLING IN IN
TERMS BETWEEN THE BUILDING
STRUCTURE, THE HOUSE AND THE
GARAGE AT THE GARAGES KIND
OF SITTING KIND OF ABOUT WHERE
THEY ARE NOW JUST BECAUSE
THERE'S A LITTLE SMALLER WHAT
WE HAVE NOW BUT IN THE DRIVEWAY
WHEN IT GOES IN IT'S GOING TO
OPEN UP.
THERE'S PROBABLY THERE'S JUST
ENOUGH FOR THEM TO TAKE A VERY
SMALL CAR AND BACK OUT OF THE
GARAGE AND COME OUT AND THE
FURTHER WE BRING IT FORWARD IT
JUST MAKES IT THAT MAKES THAT
MUCH MORE COMPLICATED AND THE
OTHER VERSIONS THEY HAVE
SEVERAL OF THE GARAGES LOOK
PRETTY SMALL.
THEY'RE GOING TO BE IS THE NEW
GARAGES TO BE BUILT?
>> ARE THEY GOING TO BE BIGGER
THAN THE EXISTING ONES NOW
NECESSARILY THESE ARE 14 FEET
WIDE.
>> THEY'RE PRETTY SMALL.
THEY ARE ONLY TWENTY FEET.
OH SO THEY'RE TWENTY BY
FOURTEEN.
YEAH OK SO THEY'RE VERY SMALL
STRUCTURES.
ERM YEAH I THINK MY PRIMITIVE
RESEARCH THERE'S REALLY THESE
DAYS WITH SUVS YOU NEED 24
GRAMS RIGHT.
I MEAN I DRIVE A FIESTA'S THE
RIGHT BUT MOST PEOPLE LIKE ARE
BOTH GARAGES PLANNED TO BE
BUILT SIMILARLY OR IDENTICAL SO
THEY LOOK THEY'RE THEY'RE GOING
TO LOOK A LITTLE BIT
DIFFERENTLY FOR SURE.
>> OK WELL THEN THIS IS THE
SAME THEY'RE BOTH IDENTICAL IN
SIZE.
>> OK, BUT IF THEY'RE GOING TO
BE LOOKING DIFFERENT, WHAT'S
THE WHAT'S THE BIG DEAL WITH
ONE BEING TWO FOOT FURTHER BACK
FROM THE REAR PLOTLINE?
IT'S I MEAN IF THEY WERE GOING
TO BE MATCHING RED YOU KNOW
THEY'RE PERFECTLY MATCHED.
YEAH.
THEN YOU CAN SAY WELL I JUST
WANT THEM TO LOOK ALIKE.
BUT IF THEY'RE GOING TO BE A
LITTLE DIFFERENT WHEN YOU GO TO
DIFFERENT PROPERTY OWNERS SO
ONE DOES NOT QUITE ON THE SAME
DISTANCE FROM THE REAL LOT SO
MORE THAT WE'RE PULLING IT
FORWARD OFF OF THE THREE INTO
THE FIVE FEET.
YEAH.
IT MAKES IT THAT MUCH MORE
DIFFICULT FOR THESE FOLKS TO
GET THE CARS IN THE GARAGE BACK
THERE AND HOW SO IS IT BECAUSE
IT'S CLOSER.
>> YEAH YEAH OK ALL RIGHT OK.
YEP OK UNDERSTOOD SO
ESSENTIALLY YOU WANT THE GARAGE
IS PLACED AS FAR AS CLOSE TO
THE LINE AS YOU CAN GET TO THE
CARS GET IT OUT WITHOUT
WRECKING THE BUILDING CORRECT.
RIGHT OK I DON'T WANT TO PUT
WORDS IN YOUR MOUTH BUT YOU'RE
YOU'RE CORRECT.
YES I AGREE WITH ANY OTHER
QUESTIONS.
OK THANK YOU SIR.
THANK YOU SIR.
WE ANY CALLERS NO COLLEGE OK WE
DO HAVE SOME LETTERS WE HAVE
THE
GO AHEAD.
YOU SURE GO AHEAD.
WE HAVE A MARTHA HILL AT SEVEN
FORTY ONE SPRING STREET WHO WAS
OPPOSED.
WE HAVE AARON HOOLA AND CALICO
KSA AT I'M NOT SURE IF THEY
PUT THEIR ADDRESS DOWN BUT THEY
ARE IN FAVOR OF THE THE
NEIGHBOR THE NEIGHBORS OK
THEY'RE AT 740 SPRING STREET
AND THEY'RE IN FAVOR AND
SUPPORT EXCUSE ME AND THERE'S A
KYOJI MARSH HE IS WITH CGY AM
RESIDENTIAL DESIGN STUDIO AND
HE IS IN SUPPORT AND THERE IS A
BRIAN TOMSIC AT SEVEN SIX
SPRING STREET AND HE WROTE A
LETTER IN SUPPORT AND CHIARA
BAHBAH HOPE I'M SAYING THAT
CORRECTLY AT NOT SURE I DIDN'T
INCLUDE THAT ADDRESS I'M SORRY.
YEP.
SEVEN TWENTY TWO SPRING STREET
AND THEY WERE ALSO IN SUPPORT
SO FOUR LETTERS IN SUPPORT WANT
TO POST AND I THINK THE THE
GIST OF THE ONE THAT'S
INAPPOSITE FROM THIS HILL IS
THAT SHE'S CONCERNED ABOUT
PROPERTY RUNOFF BUT WE'RE
DEALING HERE WITH A DIFFERENCE
OF TWO SQUARE FEET CORRECT IN
THE REAR.
THAT'S CORRECT.
OK AND BUT THE GARAGE SIDE
OF THE GARAGES ARE ESSENTIALLY
GOING TO BE THE SAME SIZE THEY
ARE NOW.
YEAH, YEAH.
VERY CLOSE.
VERY SIMPLE.
>> YES.
OK, ALL RIGHT.
ALL RIGHT.
WE'RE IN DISCUSSION PETTY SO I
LIVE IN I USED TO LIVE IN THAT
NEIGHBORHOOD.
I CAN TELL YOU THAT LIKE A
BRIBE SITUATION IS VERY
DIFFICULT ESPECIALLY IF YOU
HAVE LIKE A SMALL LINE OF SMALL
PROPERTY AND YOU HAVE A GARAGE
THAT IS SITTING CLOSE TO
EXISTING POWER STRUCTURE TO
PULL IN AND OUT WITHOUT A LONG
DRIVEWAY IT IS PRETTY AND COULD
BE INTIMIDATING.
RIGHT.
AND SO I'M JUST THINKING
OF THAT NEW CUSTOMERS AND EVEN
CUSTOMERS WITH KIDS LIKE YOU
WANT TO MAKE SURE IT'S EASIER
TO DEAL WITH THE BUILDING THAT
THEY LIVE IN RIGHT.
AND THEN THE SECOND THING IS I
CAN'T THINK OF WHAT YOU WOULD
DO WITH THE TWO FEET BEHIND THE
GARAGE.
SO WHAT'S THE POINT THEY WILL
PUT ANY OTHER COLLEGE OK, I
GUESS WE'RE AS CANDY SAID,
WE'RE READY FOR MOTION RIGHT
QUBA TWENTY FOUR DASH ZERO ZERO
THREE THREE SEVEN TEN SPRING
STREET BASED ON THE FOLLOWING
FINDINGS AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH
THE ESTABLISHED STANDARDS FOR
APPROVAL, THE ZONING BOARD
OF APPEALS HEREBY GRANTS A
TWENTY TWO POINT TWENTY TWO
SQUARE FOOT CLEARANCE FROM
SECTION FIVE POINT ONE SIX
POINT SIX.
A TUTEE ACCESSORY USES AND
STRUCTURES.
THE VARIANCE WILL ALLOW
CONSTRUCTION
OF A SINGLE CAR
GARAGE THAT EXCEEDS THE MAXIMUM
ALLOWED BUILDING COVERAGE IN
THE REAR OPEN SPACE.
THE MAXIMUM ALLOWED IN PERVIOUS
AREA IS TWO AND SIXTEEN SQUARE
FEET AND THE APPLICANTS ARE
SEEKING TO HAVE TWO HUNDRED AND
THIRTY SQUARE FEET
OF IMPERVIOUS AREA AND THE REAR
OPEN SPACE THE GARAGE IS TWENTY
FEET BY 14 FEET TWO HUNDRED AND
280 SQUARE FOOT THAT WILL BE
THREE FEET FROM THE REAL
OUTLINE THE NEW DETACHED GARAGE
IS TO BE BUILT PER THE
SUBMITTED PLANS SUPPORT G TO
PATTY AND I THINK MAYBE YOU
JUST PLAY A LITTLE BIT OF THE
FINGER.
I THINK SHE WAS THERE BEFORE
YOU HIT YOUR ALL RIGHT.
READY FOR THE VOTE?
OK, PATTY I VOTE YES.
JULIE YES.
I ALSO VOTE YES DERMO YES MIKE
YES.
AND CHRISTINA YES.
ANDREW YES.
ALL RIGHT.
MOTION PASSES THANK YOU, SIR.
CONGRATULATIONS
.
ANY UNFINISHED BUSINESS?
I DON'T KNOW OF ANY DOES
ANYBODY ELSE KNOW OF ANY
UNFINISHED BUSINESS THAT I
DON'T BELIEVE THERE'S ANY
UNFINISHED BUSINESS AT THIS
TIME?
OK, ANY NEW BUSINESS
COMMUNICATIONS FROM COUNCIL
DERMO ANYTHING YOU WISH TO
SHARE?
YEAH, I THINK I DON'T MAYBE
THAT'S WHAT ABOUT AN UPDATE IN
THE LAST MEETING BUT I WASN'T
HERE BUT WE RESOLVED OUR LAST
OF THE FOUR IDENTIFIED QUARTERS
TO TAKE ONE AND THAT WOULD BE A
WASHTENAW STADIUM AREA.
>> SO THAT WAS DONE A COUPLE
OF MINUTES AGO AND ANY ONE WHO
WISHES TO SAY ANYTHING THERE'S
NOBODY HERE IN THE AUDIENCE OR
ANY PEOPLE WAITING TO SAY
SOMETHING.
THE END OF THE MEETING NO THERE
NO COLORS.
ALL RIGHT.
DO I HAVE A MOTION TO ADJOURN
JULIE SUPPORT MIKE AND PATTY I
GUESS EVERYBODY ANYBODY AGAINST
A JURY?
NO.
OK, WE'RE WE ARE ADJOURNED.
SEE YOU NEXT MONTH.
THANK YOU.
THANK YOU EVERYBODY IS